Add one sentence about relevant security considerations in TLS draft (#167)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

See the security considerations in {{!QUIC}} and {{!QUIC-TLS}}; the security
considerations for the underlying transport protocol are relevant for

> applications using QUIC, as well. Especially discussions on linkability,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applications using QUIC, as well. Considerations on linkability, replay attacks,
and randomness discussed in {{!QUIC-TLS}} should be taken into account when
```

> applications using QUIC, as well. Especially discussions on linkability,
> replay attacks, and randomness in {{!QUIC-TLS}} should be considered when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applications using QUIC, as well. Considerations on linkability, replay attacks, 
and randomness discussed in {{!QUIC-TLS}} should be taken into account when
```
